Egg-SGML is dedicated to the following people.

Anne Pearse, may she rest in peace.
Terry Pearse, who made sure the cappuccino machine was always working.
Grant Pearse: we're still working on a GNU-Linux version of MMC, but it has to
     be based on the efforts of Ian Murdoch which is called Deb-Conf.
Warren Pearse, who loved that pizza shop just as much as us.
Deborah Moore, who was never impressed by our coding skills.
Kate van Alphen, who co-developed my nickname, Alice.
David van Alphen, whom I trust does not consider gaelic to be a language apart
     from all others (which vary wildly from generation to generation until
     they become written ones).
Ross Henderson, who we didn't manage to talk to after we began to understand
     complex integration.
Devin Purvis, who my heart tells me won't be reading this.
Michael Croeser, who we've had to stop communicating with as overgrown boys do,
     on account of us knowing that Cain and Abel do not represent Evil and Good.
Justin Moore, who for a time thought that a man had the ability to choose
     whether he would be having children or not.
Various other gentlemen and overgrown boys of various cultures, with whom I
     discussed philosophy, religion, and literature, before I could consider 
     myself a man.
Various girls who went off on their own mission, and whom we never heard from
     again.
A Celt or two who knew how to make each other laugh.
A woman whose surname I don't recall, and who chose a man from another culture.
     She may recall clothing that was made for her daughters. 

This last named person gave us a project which got us thinking about SGML in
the abstract, and in context of an object scripting language. But we needed to
pull out all the stops, which is difficult to do when the only respect one gets
for one's coding skills are from dudes who are waiting for you to make their
lives easier with optical character recognition, for instance.

The second group of people who have been part of my life in the intervening
years I refer to in no particular order.

Liz Seed; a person with an uncertain surname; Graeme Bell; various people whom
my apps made redundant; various uncertain men who got swallowed by a
'big fish'; Hayden Fortmann (whose overtures of friendship I had to reject on 
account of others waiting to sign on the dotted line that I was only capable of
forming a Union with another overgrown boy); various people who fitted the
description within parentheses and found that all they could do was to entreat
me to forget seven years of my life; a woman (or close to one) who was on the
fence; various other people we can't name because they were debarred from
knowing about seven years of my life; various other people I choose not to name
because they knew about this prohibition; and one who I'd like to name but that
she could do nothing but remind me of the middle of those seven years, and all
sorts of conflict.
